


Everest Base Camp Trek 13 Nights 14 Days 
OVERVIEW	Trip Overview
Mount Everest (8848m) is the highest mountain the world towering above 8848 meters from sea level. Mount Everest also the most awaiting peaks in the world that people dream to conquer it. Obviously, there is no other place in the world more spectacular than Mount Everest. Trekking Experts designed this exclusive Everest Base Camp Trek to bring you closer to the world highest peak Mount Everest. 

Everest Base Camp Trek is beautiful and most popular trek in Nepal where thousands of people trek every year to the base camp of Mount Everest. Mount Everest is situated in Everest National Park (locally Sagarmatha National Park) of Nepal. Trekking in the Everest region offers you scenic mountain views, alpine vegetations and animals while you're trek and will get opportunities experience the life of world famous climbers; Sherpa people. The trek offers the opportunities to see the ranges of mountain ranges, Sagarmatha National Park, the world heritage site, the life style of the Sherpa people, Himalayan flora and fauna and will also get an opportunity to embark on an epic journey that our mountain legends Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa set off in 1953. You will witness the highest altitude hotel in the world, The Everest Hotel, highest altitude airport Lukla airport also known as Tenzing Hillary Airport and high altitude places where people still live

Day 01: Arrive in Kathmandu (1350m).
Welcome to Nepal our representative receives you at the Tribhuwan International airport in Kathmandu and transfer you to the hotel. After a short rest, we brief you about the upcoming itinerary. O/N at hotel.

Day 02: Fly to Lukla (2804m), and trek to Phakding (2610m). 3 hrs walk.
From the domestic airport of Kathmandu, you take a 45 minute spectacular flight that takes you to the airstrip at Lukla. It is a gateway for most of the trekking in the Everest region. Then you meet the crew and head through the beautiful trail. Trek above the Dudh Koshi River evokes us to head further, which flows down the trekking trail. The potato and buckwheat fields are dominated throughout the trail today. We take a rest at Phakding. O/N at lodge.

Day 03: Trek to Namche Bazaar (3440m). 4-5 hrs.
From Phakding, we head through the uphill trail, passing few suspension bridges. Passing Manju, you enter into the Sagarmatha National Park. We need to show our permit here. Then the trek goes through the straightforward ascending to the Sherpa highland- Namche Bazaar. It is in the horseshoe shape, which is a bustling market centre. It is a wonderful place to stay and also for the exploration day.  O/N at lodge. 

Day 04: Rest day at Namche Bazaar.
Today is a rest day and acclimatization day at Namche Bazaar. We need to acclimatize to be adapted at the high altitude that prevents acute mountain sickness. After the breakfast, visit around the Namche Bazaar, Khunde and Khumjung. The fabulous views of Mt. Everest (8848m), Tawoche (6542m), Thamserku (6808m), Kantega, Ama Dablam (6856m), Nuptse (7896m) and Lhotse (8511m) are the amazingly seen during the trip. Then back to Namche. O/N at lodge.

Day 05: Namche Bazaar to Tengboche (3850m). 5-6 hrs.
We begin to trek after the breakfast at Namche. First we climb up to the top of the Namche and walk through the gentle trail that leads us through the forest and we eventually descend to the stream. The glittering views of the Himalayas entice to head further through the bank of the glacial River. Tengboche is our destination today, which is famous for its Tenbuche monastery, which is the highest located monastery in the Khumbu region. O/N at lodge. 

Day 06: Tengboche to Dingbuche (4350m). 5-6 hrs.
The early morning sunrise over the Ama Dablam peak is just eye catching. With a spiritual environment, we have our breakfast and begin to walk further. First, we cross the Imja Khola and reach to Pangboche village. Pangboche Gompa, which is located on this village, is more than 300 years old, which is also the oldest monastery in the Everest region. Crossing the Imja Khola, we reach to Dingboche. O/N at lodge.  

Day 07: Acclimatization day at Dingboche. 
Dingbuche is located in an alpine zone, so it's better to take a rest and acclimatization day so that the upcoming days will be easy. We have a different option. Hike to Chhukung is one of the best options. Or we can just stroll around. The views of Nuptse, Lhotse and Chhukung peak are dramatic. The soaring cliffs and massive glaciers are enticing. Return to Dingboche and take a rest. O/N at lodge.

Day 08: Dingbuche to Lobuche (4950m). 6-7 hrs.
As we head from Dingbuche, the pace becomes slower and we gradually trek upwards in the high altitude. Now, we are leaving the tree line and clutching towards the barren landscape. Several rocky cairns can be seen on the trail that are made in the memory of the people, who have passed away in the Himalayas. Passing the Khumbu glacier dominated landscape, we reach to Lobuche. O/N at lodge in Lobuche.

Day 09: Lobuche to Everest Base Camp and back to Gorakshep (5160m). 7-8 hrs.
After the breakfast, we walk up along the rocky moraine, the trail leads us to the highest settlement in this way at Gorakshep. After lunch and check in at the lodge, we begin to hike further to the Everest base camp. This is an amazing experience to see around the Everest base camp and enjoy the surroundings. Then we descend to our campsite at the Gorakshep. O/N at lodge. 

Day 10: Hike to Kalapathar (5545m), and back to Pheriche (4240m). 7-8 hrs.
Early in the morning, we climb to the Kala Patthar and enjoy the golden sunrise views over the 8000 meter peaks. Kalapatthar is also a good viewpoint of the snowy peaks in the Everest region and its surroundings soak in. Then, we trek down to Gorakshep, have breakfast and trek down further towards Pheriche. Enjoy the success of Everest base camp and Kalapatthar. O/N at lodge. 

Day 11: Trek down to Namche (3440m). 5-6 hrs.
We have an easy trekking day. After the breakfast, we begin to trek down from Pheriche to No rush today to descend from Pheriche to Namche Bazaar. We walk at our own pace, enjoying our descending and the animal activities. Walking through the rhododendron forest and along the Imja Khola, we gradually reach to our destination. O/N at lodge.
 
Day 12: Namche  to Lukla. 5-6 hrs.
Today, we begin to trek crossing the suspension bridges and walking through the gentle trail. This is also a last trekking day in the Everest region. After we arrive in Lukla, we have some wonderful moments in the evening. We enjoy the beautiful evening on the mountain. O/N at lodge.

Day 13: Lukla - Fly back to Kathmandu.
The last moment in the mountain, we fly back to Kathmandu with the fascinating views of the Himalayan peaks. From the airport, we transfer you to the hotel. You have free time for shopping and refreshing the whole day. Or we can enjoy the dinner in the evening. O/N at hotel.  

Day 14: Kathmandu departure departure.
Concluding the Everest base camp trekking, our company representative drops you at the airport for the final departure. 

See you again.
 
Trip Fact
Duration: 14 Days 
Max Altitude : 5550 
Difficulty: Moderate
Availability: Daily Available
Activities: Trekking+ cultural tours
Accommodation: Hotel in Kathmandu + Tea houses
Best Time: March, April, May + Sept, Oct, Nov.
Transportation: Car + Plane
Group size: Any Car + Plane


COST INCLUDE
-Airport pickup and drop services on a private Car.
-Accommodation in Kathmandu as per the itinerary with breakfast.
-Kathmandu/Lukla (Both Way) domestic airline tickets.
-All meals [Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner] with a cup of hot drinks during the trek.
-Accommodation on twin sharing bed on tea houses as per the itinerary.
-Entry Permit and Trekkers Information Management System [TIMS] registration card.
-English speaking with government licensed holder guide with (1 porters for 2 trekkers).
-Staffs, insurance, salary, equipment, flight or transports, food and accommodation.
-Down jacket, sleeping bag, Duffel Bag and Trekking Map (down jacket and sleeping bag to be return after trip)
-All necessary grounded transportation.
-First aid medical kit for group.
-Necessary paper works, all government and local taxes.
-Farewell dinner in Kathmandu at a cultural restaurant.

COST EXCLUDE
-Visa fees.
-Domestic airfare and airport tax.
-Int'l air fare.
-Personal expenses (phone calls, laundry, boiled water, and shower, battery recharge, bar bills or extra porters)
-Excess baggage charges.
-Rescue & Evacuation.
-Travel and rescue insurance.
-Extra night in Kathmandu (if you are arrival early or late from the mountain)
-Lunch & evening meals in Kathmandu.
-Tips for guides and porters (for staff).


Payment Terms :
?         30 % payments: At the time of confirmation.
?         Full payment: 07 days Prior to Nepal arrival.
 
Cancellation:
?         60 - 30 days prior to departure 10% of the tour cost.
?         29 - 15 days prior to departure 20% of the tour cost.
?         14 to 7 days prior to departure 40 % of the tour cost.
?         06 days or less no refunds.
 
Our cancellation policy applies in every instance. There will be no exception for any reasons therefore; we strongly recommend that you purchase trip cancellation insurance. This low cost insurance protects all deposits and payments should you have to cancel your trip due to personal or family illness. Should you or anyone in your choice purchase this insurance, please deal directly with the insurance company. Baggage and accident insurance are also available.NOTEBy making reservations with our travel agency or its associates and depositing your advance payment with agents, our representatives, or us you agree to each of the foregoing terms and conditions and agree that you are thereby bound. You also acknowledge that you have carefully read and understood the foregoing terms and conditions.
 
Happy Journey..................................................

 



