














Annapurna Base Camp Trek 13 Nights 14 Days 

TRIP OVERVIEW	Annapurna Base camp Trekking is an ultimate mountain adventure in the Annapurna region of the western Nepal. It offers the prospect to experience the local ethnic culture, customs diverse assortment. It is also popular as one the best trekking destination in the world, which encompasses the spectacular communities, rhododendron forests and the wonderful views of snow capped Himalayas including Annapurna, Manaslu, Gangapurna, Fishtail, etc.
The Annapurna Base Camp Trekking offers various beautiful settlements and agricultural land,picturesque landscape and the breathtaking snowy peaks. There are also the mixed communities, but many villages are that of Gurung and Magar people. With each overnight stay in the local lodges, the hospitality of the local people is wonderful that constitute the quirk of this trek. They serve varieties of dishes from Nepali authentic foods to the continental items. The flora and fauna in these sub-tropical forests are diverse, including the various bird species. The upper parts of the Annapurna Base Camp Treks include the alpine vegetarians and rocky landscape. Poon Hill is the best place for the sunrise view and Mountains and in Jhinu, you can enjoy the natural hot spring. Annapurna Base Camp is in the form of a round bowl, surrounded by the beautiful Himalayas.
Soham Journeys Pvt.ltd. offer a wonderful Annapurna base camp trek with perfect arrangement. Spring and autumn are the best trekking seasons in this trekking route. Please, contact us for detailed information.



DAYACTIVITIESMEALDay 01Our guide will welcome you at Kathmandu airport (1345meters). Overnight at hotelDay 02Drive to Pokhara (900 m) 6 hours by tourist bus. Overnight at hotel.Day 03Drive to Nayapul (1010m)and trek to Tikhedunga (1570m) 3 hours.Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 04Tikhedung to Ghorepani (2840m) 5 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 05Earlymorning hike up to Poon Hill (3210m) and trek to Tadapani (2610meters).Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 06Tadapani to Chommrong (2140m.) 5 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 07Chommrong to Dovan (2500m) 5.30 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 08Doven to MBC (3800m) 4 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. Day 09MBC to Annapurna Base Camp (4230m) 2 hours. Trek back to Bamboo (2345m) 7 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse.Day 10Bamboo to Jhinu ( 1750m)5-6 hours .Overnight at hotel. Day 11Jhinu to Nayapul (1010 m) and drive to Pokhara. Overnight at hotel. Day 12 Pokhara City tour. Overnight at hotel. Day 13Drive back to Kathmandu (1345m) by tourist bus. Overnight at hotel. Day 14Transfer to international airport for your final departure.
Note: B- Breakfast & L- Lunch & D- Dinner.




DETAILED ITINERARY	
Day 01:Our guide will welcome you at Kathmandu airport (1345meters). Overnight at hotel
Welcome to Nepal. Representative of Soham Journeys receives you at the Tribhuwan International airport in Kathmandu and transfer you to the hotel. After a short rest, we brief you about the upcoming itinerary. O/N at hotel.

Day 02:Drive to Pokhara (900 m) 6 hours by tourist bus. Overnight at hotel.(A,B)
After the breakfast at Kathmandu, we take a drive to Pokhara through the Prithvi highway. The picturesque landscape and hilly gorges can be explored during the drive. You will also get a flight option. Pokhara is the city, surrounded by the Lakes. On its north, the Annapurna Himalayas always offer a gentle smile. Check in to the hotel and rest. Overnight at lodge.

Day 03:Drive to Nayapul (1010m)and trek to Tikhedunga (1570m) 3 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
After the breakfast, we drive from Pokhara to Nayapul and begin the trek in Lower Annapurna region. We follow the bank of the Bhurungdi Khola, reach Hile and continually to our today's destination at Tikhedhunga. The first day is easy and pretty short walk we do. Overnight at lodge.

Day 04:Tikhedung to Ghorepani (2840m) 5 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
From Tikhedhunga, we begin the trek through the steep uphill climb. After a couple of hours, we reach the top of Ulleri and have lunch at Banthanti. The journey becomes more smoother as we begin to walk through the rhododendron forest. We reach to Ghorepani, which is located at the center of the rhododendron forest, just beneath of the Poon hill. You can enjoy the sunset view. Overnight at lodge.

Day 05: Hike up to Poon Hill (3210m) and trek to Tadapani (2610meters).Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
Early in the morning, we commence through the steep steps to the Poon hill, which is a wonderful viewpoint of the Annapurna and Dhaulagiri range. The golden sunrise view further entice you with the golden top of the giant peaks. Retracing down to Ghorepani, we have a breakfast and begin to trek through the steep staircase. With some up and down trail and a continual walk, we reach to Tadapani. Overnight at lodge.

Day 06:Tadapani to Chommrong (2140m.) 5 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
In the morning, we begin to walk from Chhomrong. The beginning walk is through the steep downhill. The trail is dominated by the rhododendron forest. Then we cross the River and climb upwards the Gurjung village. Chhomrong is a step ahead of this village. Overnight at lodge.

Day 07:Chommrong to Dovan (2500m) 5.30 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
From Chhomrong, we begin to trek upward through the uphill trail after crossing the Chhomrong stream. Passing Khuldighar and Sinuwa, we extend our walk to Bamboo. If you are tired enough, we can take a rest there. Otherwise, we continually trek to Dovan. Overnight at lodge.

Day 08:Doven to MBC (3800m) 4 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
After the breakfast, we walk through the altitude region with slower pace of walk. The terraced landscape and walking along the River bank, we pass also the Bamboo forest. Enjoying the waterfalls and exploring the Hinku cave, we reach to Deurali. We extend our trek to Machhapuchhre base camp. Overnight at lodge.

Day 09:MBC to Annapurna Base Camp (4230m) 2 hours. Trek back to Bamboo (2345m) 7 hours. Overnight at Guesthouse. (A,B,L,D )
We start the trek early today towards the Annapurna base camp from Machapuchare Base Camp (MBC) which is located at 3700m. We walk with a gradual pace due to the increasing altitude. The Annapurna sanctuary peaks surround the whole area and undisturbed attractions. Reach to ABC at 4130 meters and enjoy the surrounding views. Then we trek back to Bamboo and rest. Overnight at lodge.

Day 10:Bamboo to Jhinu ( 1750m)5-6 hours .Overnight at hotel. (A,B,L,D )
From Bamboo, we trek to Chomrong through the same descending trail that we used to climb up. We trek all the way down to Jhinu Danda, which is the best place to spend an overnight and enjoy the natural hot spring. Overnight at lodge.

Day 11:Jhinu to Nayapul (1010 m) and drive to Pokhara. Overnight at hotel. (A,B,L,D )
From Jhinu, we trek down continually following the River and walk through the gentle trail. The terrace rice fields and the waterfalls allure us. At Nayapul, the trek ends and we take a drive to Pokhara. In the city of Lakes, enjoy the evening. Overnight at hotel.

Day 12:Pokhara City tour. Overnight at hotel. (A,B, )
After the breakfast, we take a city tour, visiting various tourist spots as Mahendra Cave, Bat Cave, Davis Falls, Seti River gorge, World Peace Stupa and others. You can also enjoy boating on the Phewa Lake. Overnight at hotel.

Day 13:Drive back to Kathmandu (1345m) by tourist bus. Overnight at hotel. (A,B, )
Good bye Pokhara. After the breakfast, we drive from Pokhara to Kathmandu. As an option, you can also fly back to Kathmandu. Then transfer to the hotel. Overnight at hotel.
COST INCLUDES:
* - Airport picks up & drops.
*  -Hotels at Kathmandu as per itinerary.
*  -All meals & accommodation during the trekking period.
*  -All Entrance fee and Trekking permit and Tims card .
*  -Highly experienced guide and staffs(1 porters for 2 trekkers) .
*  -Staffs, insurance ,salary ,equipment ,flight or transports , food  and accomodation
*  -All necessary grounded transportation.
*  -Travel & Rescue arrangements.
*  -Welcome & farewell dinner in Kathmandu at typical Nepali restaurant.
*  
COST EXCLUDE:
* -Visa fees
* -Domestic airfare and airport tax.
* -Int'l air fare
* -Personal expenses (phone calls, laundry,boiled water, shower,battery recharge, bar bills or extra porters)
*  -Domestic airfare and airport tax.
* -Excess baggage charges
* -Rescue & Evacuation
* -Travel and rescue insurance
* -Extra night in Kathmandu (if you are arrivel early or late from the mountaian )
* -Lunch & evening meals in Kathmandu.
* -Tips for guides and porters (for staff)
 

Difficulty: Moderate
Start/End: Kathmandu
Trip Duration :14
Destination: Annapurna Base camp.
Accommodation: Hotel in Kathmandu &Pokhara - lodge/Guesthouse during the trek.
Single supplementary:US$........(compulsory if no one to share room with and apply for those who wish to have single room in Kathmandu and Pokhara )
Meals: Breakfast in Kathmandu and trekking base meals during the trek (for big group our trekking guide help set food from menu )
Transports: comfortable vehicle Breakfast in Kathmandu and trekking base meals during the trek (for big group our trekking guide help set food from menu )
Group Size : any Breakfast in Kathmandu and trekking base meals during the trek (for big group our trekking guide help set food from menu ).


Note : Special Note for trekking package rate will provide you with inquiry basis only 


 PRICESStansdard - With 3* HotelsPer Person in double sharing basis in MAPAI PlanCost will be update 
Special activities at Pokhara : White rafting ,Paragliding,Bungee jumping ,Zip flyer ,Altra flight ,Hot Air balloon,ABC Helicopter ride on own Cost 


Tour CategoryHOTELS WE USEIN KATHMANDU IN POKHARA In Trekking Route Standard - With 3* HotelsHotel Manang / Similar Hotel Batika/ Similar  Basic Guest HousesRoom RequiredNOTEBy making reservations with our travel agency or its associates and depositing your advance payment with agents, our representatives, or us you agree to each of the foregoing terms and conditions and agree that you are thereby bound. You also acknowledge that you have carefully read and understood the foregoing terms and conditions.
 



Payment Terms :
?         30 % payments: At the time of confirmation.
?         Full payment: 07 days Prior to Nepal arrival.
 
Cancellation:
?         60 - 30 days prior to departure 10% of the tour cost.
?         29 - 15 days prior to departure 20% of the tour cost.
?         14 to 7 days prior to departure 40 % of the tour cost.
?         06 days or less no refunds.
 
Our cancellation policy applies in every instance. There will be no exception for any reasons therefore; we strongly recommend that you purchase trip cancellation insurance. This low cost insurance protects all deposits and payments should you have to cancel your trip due to personal or family illness. Should you or anyone in your choice purchase this insurance, please deal directly with the insurance company. Baggage and accident insurance are also available.


TRIP NOTE
The itinerary can be changed or customized according to your duration of holidays & as per your requirements. The trip price will be according to Deluxe, Standard, Budget and group size so please kindly provide us your details for tailor made program. If this above itinerary is not suffice or have any questions, you can ask one of our expert team  for help.

 





